Hello and welcome back to another student.
Questions answered.
Lecture.
Now the question relates to can we have data validation?
A drop down list in one cell and depending on which which option we choose from that drop
down list in Cell one displays a different list in box two.
So we have a dependent drop down list whenever you pick in here will drive and determine
the list that appears in the 2nd 1 So here's just some data.
I have a before sheet and then after sheet,
in case you want to play around with this and you can download this file from this lecture
.
So basically,
what they have is a main category,
which is this which I'm gonna call in the name box,
Um,
mein cut.
And you can make this dynamic if you don't know how to do that,
Have a look on the section dynamic name ranges.
I'm gonna name these other subsequent data sets.
The names that appear in this list of this one I'm gonna call Collis spelled the UK Wait,
This one.
I am going to call animals Ni mountains.
This one I'm gonna call birds.
So I was clicking in there but and enter finally albums click in there and say albums boom
Okay,
so that there are 45 named ranges on main category The sub category one.
So Category two sub Category three on before.
So here I'm just going to come to data only goes that validation when she's data validation
and what I'm gonna do,
you say,
allow list now just for comedians.
So I'm just gonna point to this I'm just gonna highlight over all of that and you will see
that this nao says Main cat.
So when I click OK,
I got a little drop down list there and allows me to choose colors or animals or birds or
albums.
Basically anything that appears in this list here.
Now,
what we want to do here as this saves colors,
what we want to do is show this list.
So all we're gonna do again is come to data validation.
I'm going to say data validation and we're gonna allow list.
And this time we're going to say equals.
I'm just gonna point to this cell for a second just so it can get that cell address and
here before them to say equals in direct open brackets goes to the end.
After the cell reference,
close brackets and click.
OK,
so now when I have colors in this in here red,
yellow,
pink,
green,
orange,
purple and blue,
which is this'll ist.
But here,
If I go to this drop down and their virtues albums and I come back to you here,
I'll no have last play at the Chez A night at the Opera batters held Jagged Little Pill was
matted for the people and like a ruse.
And similarly,
if I come in here now and say animals and come to my second drop down,
then our troops,
I will have a list of animals dog cat,
rabbit on horse.
And that is the very simple way to create dependent drop downs again.
I hope that helped.
And,
as always,
any questions just dropped them in the cure name.
I'll see you in the next lecture